Test Scenarios for EON Create Profile functionality:


1. To verify that "Create Profile Button" is present after logging in.
2. To verify that after the Create Profile button is clicked a new page "create-profile"  pops up.
3. To verify that Create Profile page contains next elements:
"Name" Label
"Name" Input Field

"Please select your age:" Label
"Age range" Radio Button with a different age ranges (can be specified)

"Please choose your avatar:" Label
"Avatars" Radio button with different profile images (can be specified)

"Create profile" Button

4. To verify that the Name input field can accept alphabet
5. To verify that the Name input field can accept special characters
6. To verify that the Name input field can accept numbers
7. To verify that the Name input field can accept empty space only
8. To verify that the Name input field can have at least 1 character
9. To verify that the Name input field have limitation to 32 characters
10. To verify that entered random names in the input field can be deleted
11. To verify that age range radio buttons are displayed
12. To verify that only one radio button can be selected
13. To verify once 18+ age range is clicked "Enter your birth year" input is displayed
14. To verify that for each age range different avatar images are displayed
15. To verify that after one "age range" radio button is selected, other can be selected again but previous will be unselected

16. To verify that only one avatar image can be selected
17. To verify that after one "avatar" image is selected, another can be selected again but the previous will be unselected.  

18. To verify that Create Profile button can't create new Profile when:
Only Name is entered, no other selections are made
Only Age range is selected, no other entries and selections are made
Only Age range is selected to 18+, but birth date is not entered
Only Avatar image is selected, no other entries and selections are made

19.To verify that proper notification pops up for each of partial selection from previous test cases (can be specified and merged inside previous test definition)

20. To verify that a new profile is created when Name is entered, age range and avatar is selected, Create Profile button is clicked and it pops up a newly created profile.

21. To verify that a new profile is created when Name is entered, age range is selected to 18+ and birth year can be entered in any age range, Create Profile button is clicked and a newly created profile. (BUG: year should be entered only if makes you older than 18+)

21. To verify when Name is entered, age range and avatar is selected, Create Profile button is clicked it pops up newly created profile that have next elements that are previously selected:
Large avatar background image
Small avatar image
Profile name
Age range
Profile description
Delete Profile button
Logout button

22. Logout from account verify that is returned to login page
23. Login into account and verify that recently created profiles are present (can be specified)
24. Select any profile from the list and verify that the Profile window pops up with correctly entered elements.
25. To verify that user with same name is not possible to create

Test Scenarios for EON Delete Profile functionality:

1. To check that Delete profile button is present, after we login and select any profile from list
2. To check that Profile is deleted after we Select any profile from list and press delete button it returns us to choose-profile page and deleted profile is not on the list
3 To check that after we delete profile, logout and login to account again, deleted profile is not present. 